[text]
input_text.name_header_secondary_lights = Przegląd
input_text.name_header_secondary_devices = Przegląd 
input_text.name_header_secondary_climate = Przegląd 
input_text.name_header_secondary_security = Przegląd
input_text.name_header_secondary_automations = Przegląd 
input_text.name_header_secondary_battery = Przegląd 
input_text.name_header_secondary_calendar = Przegląd 
input_text.name_header_secondary_cleaning = Przegląd 
input_text.name_header_secondary_computers = Przegląd 
input_text.name_header_secondary_energy = Przegląd 
input_text.name_header_secondary_floorplan = Przegląd 
input_text.name_header_secondary_laundry = Przegląd 
input_text.name_header_secondary_location = Przegląd 
input_text.name_header_secondary_media = Przegląd 
input_text.name_header_secondary_scenes = Przegląd 
input_text.name_header_secondary_system = Przegląd 
input_text.name_header_secondary_traffic = Przegląd 
input_text.name_header_secondary_vacuum = Przegląd 
input_text.name_header_secondary_weather = Przegląd 
input_text.name_header_secondary_menu = Przegląd 
input_text.name_header_secondary_alarm = Przegląd 
input_text.name_header_secondary_download = Przegląd 

input_text.name_header_secondary_covers = Przegląd
input_text.name_header_covers = Żaluzje
input_text.name_covers = Żaluzje
input_text.name_covers_label = Sterowanie

input_text.name_custom = Użytkownika
input_text.name_favorites = Ulubione
input_text.name_all = Wszystkie
input_text.name_power = Zasilanie
input_text.name_frost = Chłodzenie
input_text.name_protection = Ochrona
input_text.name_heat = Grzanie
input_text.name_on = 'Włączony'
input_text.name_off = 'Wyłączony'
input_text.name_header_about = About
input_text.name_header_automations = Automatyzacje
input_text.name_header_battery = Baterie
input_text.name_header_calendar = Kalendarz
input_text.name_header_system = System
input_text.name_header_computers = Komputery
input_text.name_header_energy = Energia
input_text.name_header_media = Media
input_text.name_header_floorplan = Plan
input_text.name_header_laundry = Pralnia
input_text.name_header_location = Lokalizacja
input_text.name_header_traffic = Informacje o ruchu
input_text.name_header_weather = Pogoda
input_text.name_header_alarm = Alarm
input_text.name_header_climate = Klimat
input_text.name_header_lights = Światło
input_text.name_header_devices = Urządzenia
input_text.name_header_security = Bezpieczeństwo
input_text.name_header_cleaning = Sprzątanie
input_text.name_header_scenes = Sceny
input_text.name_header_remote = Pilot
input_text.name_header_vacuum = Odkurzacz
input_text.name_header_menu = Menu
input_text.name_header_settings = Ustawienia
input_text.name_presets = Nastawy
input_text.name_thermostat = Termostat
input_text.name_fans = Wentylator
input_text.name_temperature = Temperatura
input_text.name_humidity = Wilgotność
input_text.name_air_pressure = Ciśnienie
input_text.name_cameras = Kamera
input_text.name_doors = Drzwi
input_text.name_windows = Okna
input_text.name_motion = Ruch
input_text.name_other = Inne
input_text.name_good_morning = Dzień dobry
input_text.name_good_afternoon = Dzień dobry
input_text.name_good_evening = Dobry wieczór
input_text.name_good_night = Dobranoc
input_text.name_battery = Bateria
input_text.name_battery_label = Przegląd
input_text.name_automation = Automatyzacje
input_text.name_automation_label = Zarządzanie
input_text.name_calendar = Kalendarz
input_text.name_calendar_label = Przegląd
input_text.name_computer = Komputer
input_text.name_computer_label = Monitor
input_text.name_download = Pobieranie
input_text.name_download_label = Zarządzanie
input_text.name_energy = Energia
input_text.name_energy_label = Przegląd
input_text.name_floorplan = Plan
input_text.name_floorplan_label = Mapa
input_text.name_laundry = Pralnia
input_text.name_laundry_label = Przegląd
input_text.name_location = Lokalizacja
input_text.name_location_label = Mapa
input_text.name_media = Media
input_text.name_media_label = Centrum
input_text.name_system = System
input_text.name_system_label = Monitor
input_text.name_traffic = Korki
input_text.name_traffic_label = Informacje
input_text.name_weather = Pogoda
input_text.name_weather_label = Informacje
input_text.name_light = Światło
input_text.name_light_label = Kontrola
input_text.name_device = Urządzenia
input_text.name_device_label = Kontrola
input_text.name_climate = Klimat
input_text.name_climate_label = Kontrola
input_text.name_security = Bezpieczeństwo
input_text.name_security_label = Panel
input_text.name_cleaning = Sprzątanie
input_text.name_cleaning_label = Lista
input_text.name_scene = Sceny
input_text.name_scene_label = Kontrola
input_text.name_vacuum = Odkurzacz
input_text.name_vacuum_label = Kontrola
input_text.name_remote = Pilot
input_text.name_remote_label = Kontrola
input_text.name_alarm = Alarm
input_text.name_alarm_label = Panel

input_text.name_mode = Tryb
input_text.name_controls = Sterowanie
input_text.name_status_information = Status
input_text.name_start = Rozpoczęcie
input_text.name_pause = Wstrzymanie
input_text.name_stop = Zatrzymanie
input_text.name_find_me = Znajdź mnie
input_text.name_quiet = Cichy
input_text.name_turbo = Turbo
input_text.name_max = Max
input_text.name_balanced = Normalny
input_text.name_mop = Mop
input_text.name_vacuum_error_sensor = Błąd sensora
input_text.name_vacuum_battery = Bateria
input_text.name_cleaning_count = Ilość sprzątań
input_text.name_total_cleaned_area = Posprzątana powierzchnia
input_text.name_total_cleaning_time = Czas sprzątania
input_text.name_main_brush_time_left = Szczotka główna
input_text.name_side_brush_time_left = Szczotka boczna
input_text.name_filter_time_left = Filtr
input_text.name_sensor_dirty_time_left = Czyszczenie sensorów

input_text.name_garage_doors = Drzwi garażowe